[website/docs] Resource definition for workloads, queue `pods` quota (#743)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/concepts/workload.md

Reviewer: IIRC, the kueue admits workloads with no resource requests/limits without any restrictions since the kueue can not assign any flavors to workloads.

So, it might be better to mention the limitations and strongly suggest adding `pods` to ClusterQueue for the users who plan to deploy workloads with no resource requests/limits.

@trasc What do you think?

Author: added 
```
Since pods resource name is reservedand it's value is computed by Kueue in the during admission, not provided by the batch user, it could be used by the cluster administrators to limit the number of zero or very small resource requesting workloads admitted at the same time.
```

- `name` is a human-readable identifier for the pod set. You can use the role of
  the Pods in the Workload, like `driver`, `worker`, `parameter-server`, etc.

### Resource requests

> A key role in deciding if and when a workload is played by the `podSets` resource requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kueue uses the `podSets` resources requests to calculate the quota used by a Workload and decide if and when to admit a Workload.
```

Author: done

> 

Author: done

#### Requests values adjustment

> Depending on the cluster setup and the valued provided in the `spec` the values used in the scheduling process could be different if:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on the cluster setup, Kueue will adjust the resource usage of a Workload based on:
```

Author: done

- The cluster defines default values in [Limit Ranges](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/limit-range/), the default values will be used if not provided in the `spec`.
- The created pods are subject of a [Runtime Class Overhead](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-overhead/).
- The spec defines only resource limits, case in which the limit values will be treated as requests.

#### Requests values validation

> In cases when the cluster defines Limit Ranges, the values resulting from the adjustment above will be validated against the ranges. Failing the validation will mark the workload as `Inadmissible`.

Author: done

#### Reserved resource names

> In addition to the usual resource naming restrictions, `pods` is reserved for internal Kueue use. And can only be used by a [ClusterQueue](/docs/concepts/cluster_queue#resources) to set quotas on the maximum number of pods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to the usual resource naming restrictions, you cannot use the `pods` resource name in a Pod spec, as it is reserved for internal Kueue use. You can use the `pods` resource name in a [ClusterQueue](/docs/concepts/cluster_queue#resources) to set quotas on the maximum number of pods.
```

Author: done
